About Me
=============

I'm a machine learning and computer vision researcher as well as an expert Java developer. I have been actively working in the machine learning, computer vision and related areas since 2008 and I have mostly worked with massive amounts of data since then. I worked with diverse modalities of data including text information in multiple languages (poetry detection in Persian text, statistical machine translation, news search engine, website categorization), speech signals and visual information (video data, light-field images, color photographs). In all these cases, what I did was essentially organizing masses of data and summarizing them into meaningful and desirable information. This is the task I enjoy most: seeing meaningful information appearing out of masses of seemingly incomprehensible data.

Besides research and looking for novel solutions which has led to a track record of scientific publications in well-known international venues, I have industry-level experience in implementing machine learning and data mining solutions and developing products out of them. I have more than 10 years of expertise in Java development developing desktop, web, and also Android applications. As well as these, I have great working knowledge of NoSQL databases as well as in-depth experience with relational engines. I'm also fluent in MATLAB and experienced in a variety of other languages, including Python and JavaScript. I have been programming since high school and I still enjoy it a lot.